well there's been Relentless shelling
across Gaza with four people killed in
the ALU refugee camp and three also
killed in a strike on the alaraj school
that school has been housing displaced
Palestinians in Gaza City Southern areas
have also been targeted 12 people killed
in Rafa another seven people have died
in Kan Yunis near the NASA Hospital
there let's speak to hanim mahmuda
correspondent who live for us from Rafa
in southern Gaza H we've been reporting
dozens more killed overnight talk us
through where the these strikes have
been focusing the
most yes well within the past hour or so
many reports are emerging from Gaza as
the there seems to be a surge in the
artillery shelling and the air strikes
on Gaza right now and it's continuing
while there are a a a redeployment of
the Israeli military
in the northern part of the G namely
we're talking about the eastern part of
B hanon city as well as b l and pushing
deeper in the vicinity of jabalia town
uh right now as we we speak but there
was a an air strike on a evacuation
Center at the durj neighborhood the dur
neighborhood is at the Eastern side of
Gaza City and very close to a
t neighborhood these are the Eastern uh
neighborhoods of Gaza City there was
also another air strikes on a
residential homes in one of the major
roads that are connecting the northern
Gaza City with its Southern
neighborhoods and better known as a
nafak road and a residential home
belongs to one of the families there
that was Sheltering along with their
relatives and in-laws inside the
building that was targeted by a massive
air strike there report about four
people have been killed now the the
concern is uh of of people who are still
under the rebels we're talking about an
area that has been largely destroyed
there are no civil defense crew on the
ground uh there are no hospitals
functioning whatsoever so any injury or
anyone reported killed the likelihood of
be of of of getting them from under the
rubbles or staying uh there in that
targeted area is very very high given
that there are no uh help available
whatsoever in overnight air strikes here
in RAF about 12 people were killed in a
resid IAL home and the sad part about
this is this family is internally
displaced family coming all the way from
the northern part all the way to the
central area kanun ended up in RAF City
within the past two weeks as area
bombardment became more intense than
kanun they ended up in RAF City in the
northern part in Mirage area in a
residential home it was targeted the 12
people five of them belong to one family
we talk about father mother and their
children were killed in in that air
strike in Khan Unice once again not the
first time air strikes targeting in
discriminately residential homes the
Israel
military say in a statement it was
targeted infrastructure but as of early
hours of this morning we're seeing more
of the residential homes that were that
housed many internally displaced
Palestinians many civilians many women
and children are dying honey
can you describe the the situation there
for us on the ground we've heard from so
many Aid agencies too that that the
level of hunger is
profound yes indeed and as of now there
are more concerning and devastating
reports of people are are for real
hungry they they lack Food Supplies and
water supply most of the water supply uh
available in the northern part and and
Gaza is contaminated which increases uh
the level and the risk of of con
Contracting infectious diseases among
vulnerable groups children and women and
those with critical health conditions or
chronic uh diseases but as of a a famine
the the reports about a the threat and a
warning by a topu official about famine
is is imminent in the northern part we
actually started to see that happening
in the northern part and and Gaza City
we're talking about an area that has
been largely destroyed all
infrastructure all hygiene facilities as
well as a more than 60% of its
residential homes are destroyed what
people end up doing are are concentrated
in the remaining uh buildings that have
not been bombed or they are they have
been uh severely damaged but the still
they can stay in them and evacuation
centers we're talking about a honorous
school United Nations for Palestinian
refugees designated its schools and
education centers and turned them into
evacuation centers for internally
displaced Palestinians but the fact that
you have overcrowded areas like these
evacuation centers or remaining
residential homes with severe shortage
of resources is just an indication of
how hungry people feel they are hungry
now they're largely unsafe and we've
seen within the past two days that
couple of trucks were on their way on
Gaza on the coasta road and people storm
these trucks not because they want to
steal it but because they were really
hungry and they want something to keep
them alive in that in that area that
experience hard living conditions H
Mahmud there for us with the latest from
Rafa and Southern Gaza thank you honey